ウソ sorry confirmed
If it gets captured by the yaoi,
It's fine probably
But nothing is{\i0. New以及adverse term.
Whatости Possibly Cheatller,
what the hell and bro's behind."
Shouichi Ovean,
a potter,
and a mother with crustickent balls.
The End.
One day, in front of the main hall,
a monk appeared to the place where the monk was thinking.
Oh, this is the monk.
What are you thinking about?
You are going to enter the path of the Buddha.
Today is a good day to bow down to the Buddha.
Come here.
Why are you not answering me?
Master, I don't want to be a monk.
I am not satisfied with being a monk.
In front of the Japanese Empire,
the Japanese ships are pushing the Japanese ships to the harbor.
If one mistake is made, the country will be in danger.
If that happens,
the end of the Yosutelite is the last chance for the country.
That is why I don't want to be a monk.
Oh, Master!
There are so many things to talk about.
so Awama file